fix(curriculum): add review lessons for arrays in pyramid project (#54971)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-introductory-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/665076b10b3d9236441b6437.md

---
id: 665076b10b3d9236441b6437
title: Step 22
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-22
---

# --description--

Now you are ready to move onto the next set of array lessons.

Remove all of your code from the previous step.

# --hints--

> You should not have a `cities` array in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should remove all references to your `cities` variable.
```

```js

> assert.notMatch(code, /let\s+cities\s*=\s*\["London",\s*"New York",\s*"Mumbai"\]/);
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.isUndefined(cities);
```

Author: having assert.isUndefined(cities) shows reference error. May I know your thoughts about assert.notMatch(code, /cities/) impling cities should not be in anywhere in code ?

Reviewer: That could work, yes. Much more forgiving than the entire regex.

```

> You should not have a `console.log(cities)` statement in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should not log the `cities` variable in your code.
```

```js
assert.notMatch(code, /console\.log\(\s*cities\s*\)/);

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> You should not have a `cities[cities.length - 1] = "Mexico City"` statement in your code.
> 
> ```js
> assert.notMatch(code, /cities\[cities\.length\s*-\s*1\s*\]\s*=\s*"Mexico City"/);
> 
> 
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Don't need this with the updated test above.
